Comments on Starvation:
Gnawing hunger sets in, turning the body against itself, weakening the mind…
To fall for such a little thing – a bite of bread.
Packs of steel and war, but nary of thought given to the plough.
No force of will can overcome a failing body.
The requirements of survival cannot be met on an empty stomach.


Comments on Afflictions and Viurtues:
Hopeless - There can be no hope in this Hell. No hope at all...
Selfish - Self-preservation is paramount, at any cost.
Masochistic - Those, who covet injury, find it in no short supply.
Abusive - Frustration and fury, more destructive, than a hundred cannons.
Irrational - Reeling, gasping, taken over the edge, into Madness!
Fearful - Fear and frailty finally claim their due...
Paranoid - The walls close in, the shadows whisper of conspiracy!
Powerful - Anger is power. Unleash it!
Focused - A moment of clarity in the eye of the storm.
Stalwart - Many fall in the face of Chaos, but not this one, not today.
Courageous - A moment of valor shines brightest against the backdrop of despair.
Vigorous - Adversity can foster hope and resilience.


Comments on finding Treasure:
Finding the stuff is only the first test. Now it must be carried home.
Glittering gold, trinkets and baubles. Paid for in blood.
Wealth beyond measure... Awarded to the brave and the foolhardy alike.
If only treasure could staunch the flow of otherworldy corruption...
A handsome reward, for a task well performed.
Forture, waiting to be spent.


Comments on Battle actions:
Well struck!
A powerful blow!
A singular strike!
A devastating blow!
Masterfully executed!
Impressive!
Precision and power!
A decisive pummeling!
The ground quakes!
Grievous injury, palpable fear...
Death waits for the slightest lapse in concentration.
Dazed, reeling, about to break.
How quickly the tide turns!
Mortality clarified in a single strike!
Such a terrible assault cannot be left unanswered...
Unnerved, unbalanced...
A dizzying blow to body and brain!
Ringing ears, blurred vision... The end approaches...
Confidence surges as the enemy crumbles!
Continue the onslaught! Destroy! Them! ALL!
Their formation is broken! Maintain the offensive!
Press this advantage. Give them no quarter!
As the fiend falls, a faint hope blossoms.
Executed with impunity!
Begone, fiend!
Decimated!
Destroyed!
Obliterated!
Annihilated!
Eradicated!
Another one falls!
Back to the Pit!
Great is the weapon, that cuts on its own!
A slow death, unforseen, unforgiving...
Death by inches...
Slowly, gently, this is how life is taken.
The bigger the beast, the greater the glory.
Their cursed champion falls!
Prodigious size alone does not dissuade the sharpened blade.
Monster's size has no intrinsic merit... Unless, inordinate exsanguination be considered a virtue.
Injury and despondance set the stage for heroism...or cowardice.
A hand's breadth from becoming unwound.
And now the true test: hold fast or expire.
As life ebbs, terrible vistas of emptiness reveal themselves.
Perched at the very precipice of oblivion.
This is no place for the weak or foolhardy.
More blood soaks the soil, feeding the evil therein.
Another life wasted in the pursuit of glory and gold.
More dust, more ashes...more disappointment.
Survival is a tenuous proposition in this sprawling tomb.
These nightmarish creatures can be felled, they can be beaten!
Remind yourself that overconfidence is a slow and insidious killer.
Success, so clearly in view. Or, is it merely a trick of the light?
A trifling victory, but a victory nonetheless.
This expedition, at least, promises success.
As victories mount, so too will resistance.
A victory, perhaps a turning point.
Seize this momentum! Push on, to the task's end!
Be wary, triumphant pride precipitates a dizzying fall.
Foolish horrors! Brought low and driven into the mud!
The sin is not in being outmatched, but in failing to recognize it.
The wise general cuts losses and regroups.
This skirmish may be lost, but the battle may yet be won.
Cornered, trapped and forced to fight on!
True desperation is known only when escape is impossible.
No chance for egress! Will this be a massacre?