Adventure comments:
Pace out the halls of your lineage one familiar, now, foreign.
The fiends must be driven back, and what better place to begin, than the seat of our noble line?
There is power in symbols. Collect the scattered scraps of faith and give comfort to the masses.
Can the defiled be consecrated? Can the fallen find rest?
I knew all these paths once, now they are as twisted as my own ambitions
Corruption has soaked the soil, sapping all good life from these groves. Let us burn out this evil.
Our land is remote and unneighbored. Every lost resource must be recovered.
Excise the fungal tumors and the land may yet live.
To prosecute our war against the swine, we must first scout their squalid homes.
They breed quickly down here, in the dark, but perhaps we can slay them even faster.
Even the fiercest beast will lay down when it has not eaten. Steal their food.
The Swine draw power from their horrid markings and crude idols - tear them down!
The smell of rotting fish is almost unbearable
These salt-soaked caverns are teeming with pelagic nightmares. They must be flushed out.
Recover these lost shipments of rarities, that we may prevent them from falling into even less scrupulous hands...
The flopping, fish-like things abhore the warding sigils. Let us claim this place anew!
The shifted corridors and sloped vaults of our ancestry are beginning to feel familiar.
The great Ruins belong to us, and we will find whatever secrets they hold.
More bones returned to rest. Devils remanded to their abyss.
Room by room, hall by hall, we reclaim what is ours.
Tokens of hope, recovered from the encroaching dark.
The Abbot will be grateful - the trappings of his faith have been restored.
This day belongs to the Light!
Beacons in the darkness, stars in the emptiness of the void.
Every cleared path and charted route reduces the isolation of our troubled estate.
Paths and roads bring soldiers and supplies, let them arrive unharried!
Driving out corruption is an endless battle, but one that must be fought.
The agents of pestilence will yet be driven from our woods!
These medicines will prevent the outbreak of epidemic at our struggling Hamlet.
These tonics and herbs will stave off infection and neutralize contagion
Good fortune and hard work may yet arrest this plague.
Disinfection, at last.
The swinefolk's labyrinth may yet prove to be navigable.
The twisting tunnels seem a little less ...impossible.
Some experiments should have never happened. You are doing just work, ending them.
Their squeals fade, their confidence is shaken!
These foodstuffs yield double benefit: the town may eat, and the Swine will not.
Our supplies are replenished, the soldiers will feast tonight.
Ha ha! Let those dirty beasts worship the mud now!
Robbed of their writings, the Swine will grow ever more ignorant - if such a thing were possible.
Despite its morbid aspect, this twisted, cavernous maze seems almost traversable.
We will find all manner of great and terrible things in this watery tomb...
The pungent odour abates! The things are driven back, for a time.
At last, wholesome marine life can flourish - if indeed there is such a thing.
Even the cold stone seems bent on preventing passage...
Nature herself, a victim of the spreading corruption, malformed with misintent.
Such blockages are not suprising. These tunnels predate even the earliest settlers.
Another mariner, another misfortune.
Without tools of iron, you must rely on flesh, an indefatigable purpose...
Curious is the trapmaker's art - his efficacy unwitnessed by his own eyes.
Cruel machinations spring to life, with a singular purpose.
Ancient traps lie in wait, unsprung and thirsting for blood...
Ambushed by foul invention!
Mind, that such misteps are an exception, and not the rule.
Carelessness will find no clemency in this place.
Watch your step.

Comments on Light and Darkness:
The light, the promise of safety!
A match is struck, a blazing star is born!
As the light gains purchase, spirits are lifted and purposes made clear.
In radiance may we find victory!
The way is lit, the path is clear. We require only the strength to follow it.
And now, the darkness holds dominion. Black as Death!
The darkness holds much worst than mere trickery… and boogiemen
Darkness closes in, haunting the hearts of men.
Secrets and wonders can be found in the most tenebrous corners of this place.
Terrors may indeed stalk these shadows, but yonder, a glint of gold.

Comments on failure:
You will endure this loss and learn from it.
A setback, but not the end of things!
Regroup! Reassemble! Evil is… Timeless, after all.
Wounds to be tended, lessons to be learned.
Failure tests the mettle of heart, brain and body.
You cannot learn a thing you think, you know.
We fall so that we may learn to pick ourselves up once again.
Do not ruminate on this fleeting failure - the campaign is long, and victory will come.
Where there is no peril in the task, there can be no glory in its accomplishment.
Ignorance of your enemy and of yourself will invariably lead to defeat.
Great adversity has a beauty - it is the fire that tempers the blade.


Comments on Camping or resting:
A spark without kindling is a goal without hope.
A moment of respite, a chance to steel oneself against upcoming horrors.
Huddled together, furtive and vulnerable, rats in a maze.
Circle in the dark, the battle may yet be won.
Gathered close in tenuous firelight, an uneasy companionship.